Custom error documentation (#10937)
ethereum/solidity: docs/examples/safe-remote.rst

            _;
        }

        /// Only the buyer can call this function.

>         error OnylBuyer();

Reviewer: Pragma in this snippet should be bumped to `^0.8.2`.

>         /// Only the buyer can call this function.
>         error OnylBuyer();
>         /// Only the seller can call this function.
>         error OnylBuyer();
>         /// The function cannot be called at the current state.
>         error InvalidState();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        /// Only the buyer can call this function.
        error OnlyBuyer();
        /// Only the seller can call this function.
        error OnlySeller();
        /// The function cannot be called in the current state.
        error InvalidState();
```

Author: What happened to my fingers?

        /// The provided value has to be even.
        error ValueNotEven();

        modifier onlyBuyer() {
            require(
                msg.sender == buyer,
                OnlyBuyer()

>             );

Reviewer: After removing strings this is pretty short so I'd make these modifiers more compact:
```solidity
     require(msg.sender == buyer, OnlyBuyer());
```

        constructor() payable {
            seller = payable(msg.sender);
            value = msg.value / 2;

>             require((2 * value) == msg.value, ValueNotEven());

Reviewer: This would make the snippet more readable:
```suggestion
            require((2 * halfValue) == msg.value, ValueNotEven());
```
